w17 — whole suite, typecheck and E2E on grow/main @ 13eea14

  typecheck   pnpm -r typecheck — every package clean (site, web, worker, shared, evals, design, training, corpus)
  unit        1,407 passing / 1 failing / 4 skipped across 6 packages
                apps/benchmark/crystal-canyon    4/4
                packages/design                 80/80
                packages/training               16/20  (4 skipped)
                packages/corpus                231/231
                apps/web                       493/493
                apps/worker                    583/584
  e2e         54/54 — landing.spec.ts across desktop, laptop and mobile
  the one red  "no registered tool relies on the phase default" — phaseForTool needs cases for the
               11 tools this branch adds, in packages/shared, which is rbxai-1d's file. Agreed with
               them that it lands with the merge; it is the only failure and it is expected.

GATE EVIDENCE IS NOT RECORDED, deliberately. Writing it would mean running scripts/gate-check.mjs
against main's GATES.md, and all four of these say not to:
  - rbxai-1d asked me directly not to touch main's GATES.md; it is the ledger their verification
    loop writes to, and I have already got it wrong once today.
  - They are mid-edit on GATES.md AND on gate-check.mjs itself right now.
  - Evidence records carry tree-clean; main's tree is dirty with their in-flight work.
  - Most importantly: this code is on grow/main. Recording evidence on main for a suite that main
    does not contain would be false evidence, which is the one thing the gate system exists to stop.
The numbers above are the honest record until the branch merges; the evidence belongs to whoever
runs the gates on main afterwards.


--- the product's own gate CHECKs, run against this branch ---

Every CHECK line from the 25 open gates, executed read-only on a clean grow/main tree. Nothing was
written to GATES.md: recording evidence there would attest, on main, to a suite main does not
contain. These are the commands the gates run, and their result on this branch.

  29 of 30 passed.

  The one failure is `node scripts/check-offer.mjs`, and it fails IDENTICALLY on main:

    free grants 60 Sparks/day and one quality-gated build costs 77 — a free user cannot
      complete a single build in a day, so the trial demonstrates the product not working
    team grants 1500 Sparks/day and enterprise 6000, while the WHOLE SERVICE can serve 833
      — one user on either plan exhausts the day for everyone

  That is a pricing decision for the owner, not a code defect, and G-OFFER-1 exists to hold it.
  It is recorded here because it is the only thing standing between this branch and a clean sweep,
  and because it is the kind of finding that gets lost when it is nobody's task.

Three CHECKs failed on the first sweep and were fixed rather than explained away:

  check-escape-hatches  a raw NUL byte in apps/web/tests/image-src.test.mjs. Written as an escape,
                        not stripped — the fixture exists to prove a NUL in a path is REFUSED.
  gate-check            "a scratch clone of the tracked tree is clean" — an artefact of running it
                        against an uncommitted tree, not a defect. Passes committed, 48/48.
  check-offer           pre-existing, above.

And the sweep itself found what a browser check had missed: the plan ladder was advertising "up to
0 builds a day" on the free tier, because buildsPerDay floors to zero against a 77-Spark build. I
had looked at that ladder rendered and read its layout instead of its figures.
